because these take anything from about
10 even up to 15 minutes depending on
their size and these ones are quite
large we can then bring that up to the
simmer and we'll put a little touch of
salt in with them as well
now the quantities I've got here for
four people there's about a hundred
grams of the broad beans there's about a
hundred grams also of the fresh peas and
I've just taken eight Spears of
asparagus and as for the carrots I've
just got about a dozen here so about
three carrot seeds which is plenty now
another flavor I'm going to add to this
is going to be fresh almonds this is the
almond and it has this lovely sort of
green velvet case that surrounds well
surrounds the shell if you just cut
around and then we can begin to cut away
this green now look at that order color
as well it really doesn't look quite
something now you're only going to need
a dozen or so for this particular recipe
now if you can't get hold of these
really don't worry about it as far as
this recipe is concerned because of
course you can buy the flaked almonds we
all know and just lightly toast those
and sprinkle them on top now you'll
notice here that is quite a hard shell
now we're going to crack that open now
look what we have here there is the
almond that's just going to slide out
wonderfully now this still has a skin
attached to it I would always suggest
that these should be blanched in boiling
water it's going to help take the skin
off and it's also a little bit safer to
use than that once it's being blanched
and I think it's time to put the carrots
on because I know that chicken will be
almost ready some water on top just
enough to cover its plenty there and
we're also going to add to that just a
little knob of butter touch of salt and
to even help their already sweet flavour
I'm going to put just a little pinch of
castor sugar in the pan as well now once
these come up to the simmer you're
talking literally just a few minutes
let's have a look at this chicken while
that's cooking now the carcass we won't
need at all so we can lift those pieces
out and as for the chicken we just lift
all of these pieces out
you can see as well that they've hardly
shrunk at all in their cooking it's
really just been a nice soft gentle
simmer and you'll notice as well we've
still retained that lovely color and
let's pop a lid on top so we can retain
all of that heat and just keep them warm
now the stock we're going to turn into a
sauce now this is where I get a little
bit extravagant I suppose because I'm
going to be adding some cream to this
and you can use whipping cream or double
cream but literally for this quantity
here there's only going to be a hundred
and fifty milliliters going into that
pot that's just a quarter of a pint and
we're just going to bring that up to the
simmer again just leave that for a few
minutes so we make sure that the flavors
are all working together before we just
strain it through a sieve and the sauce
is made there's one other flavor I'm
going to add to this if you just add a
squeeze of lemon juice to this you'll
suddenly find that the white wine has
become a little bit more lively chicken
flavors become more lively with it now
I'm going to add these onions now
they're cooked - the carrots now the
reason for that is remember I put that
little hint of sugar in this water as
well so this will help sweeten up the
onions a little bit now I'm just
increasing the heat there because I want
that stock to do is just reduce a little
bit as it reduces it becomes a little
bit more powerful so let's pop in our
broad beans all those wonderful summer
vegetables and it's also season B's now
the sauce let's quickly strain this off
and then we're gonna put the dish
together it's just about finished I must
make sure we're going to squeeze out all
of that flavor we're ready to put the
dish together we can just start to spoon
some of these into the bowl chicken is
still piping hot